## Day planner


> [!Question] What i learned today / General notes for the day
> 

Unity toolkit:

I am a big fan of the adjustments to the tool for UI development. There is built in support for controller inputs and focusing (hover but with keys instead of the mouse).

All UI elements can be "Focused" once the attribute is enabled for that UI element. 
Custom styles can also be applied using pseudo selectors.

Using an existing USS class, a second class that inherits from that class can have a pseudo selector applied. It can be treated like a second class where separate styles can be added.

The whole interaction requires no code for navigating through the UI. It is completely limited to the UI builder.

- Toggle "focus-able" for an item in the attribute section
- Create a pseudo selector for a class applied to that attribute
- Add custom style to pseudo selector.
  
Other events need to be instantiated through code, like select events, but overall this is very clean to work with.

> [!NOTE] Tomorrows todos
- Scene loading system
- Create level select interface in UI builder


> [!Danger] UIController menu strategy
> 

The uicontroller will have a reference to all Menus:
- Pause menu
- Level Select menu
- Opening menu

Based on what scene is loaded, the menus will activate.
- If it is Level select scene, the LVL Select menu will be present
- if its the opening scene, use the opening menu
- Otherwise, ALLOW for the pause menu. Conversely, remove the UIInput listener for pausing when current scene is not a level. Add the UIcontroller listener when the reverse is true.

An internal state, current active menu will be managed. 
